that's really awful music are we
recording yes we are all right okay so i
made this game called downhill jam it's
a tony hawk game and here's a password
you can enter that lets you escape as a
an abomination of a cow I don't know how
else to describe it so the passcode if
you can't read it is for lights all one
word so yeah let's escape as a work of
art it says so then you go you pick a
skater there's a lot of dumb skaters
have you unlock most of them but we'll
beat this guy because he's poised for
dark I look at him awesome um okay we're
going to go to battle ice pick the basic
board because that's all we have and and
here we are you gossip on Tyler I know
you guys oh no oh god Sonali oh that's
is scary ok let's skip this cutscene
sorry skating it's so not a cow but it
is and it can do all sorts of great
good it's really hard not to like laughs
oh God whenever it happens played this
game in a long time Oh God cow died oh
yeah it's best when it's in here so like
his legs twitch oh man I really suck at
this game
okay okay we're gonna win
oh yeah like a shortcut I missed it okay
we're taking along
still
so
oh come on the filming last place oh
good yeah so anyway that oh that is so
frightening that's the grotesque Picasso
pow downhill jam all right yes awesomes
the end